README.md, before:

# Create React App

This directory is a brief example of a [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) site that can be deployed to Vercel with zero configuration.

## Deploy Your Own

Deploy your own Create React App project with Vercel.

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/vercel/tree/main/examples/create-react-app&template=create-react-app)

_Live Example: https://create-react-template.vercel.app/_

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes. You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode. See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.

It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance. The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.

Commit message:

docs(readme): changes in readme file

README.md, after:

# Envio-pack-challenge

This directory is a brief example of a [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app) site that can be deployed to Vercel with zero configuration.

## Deploy Your Own

Deploy your own Create React App project with Vercel.

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/clone?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/vercel/tree/main/examples/create-react-app&template=create-react-app)

_Live Example: https://create-react-template.vercel.app/_

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

The page will reload when you make changes. You may also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode. See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.

It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance. The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.

## About commits:

This project is Commitizen friendly, for commits you should check: [commitizez docs](https://github.com/commitizen/cz-cli)
